So when we first started counting herring, so it was 2012, and you know the rules were
a little looser and you know you just had to ask permission and you could bring some
people to observe and see what you're doing.
So I loaded the car with kids, just my son and a couple of friends, and you know I baited
them with fishing rods because you know they wouldn't really want to go see fish, but they'd
want to go fishing.
So I had them there and so I did my count and then we talked about dams and how they
are a rude interrupter with you know habitats and that type of thing and we just had a great
discussion about dams and you know this one was replaced with a fish ladder which allowed
the herring to go fishing.
So I had them there and so I did my count and then we talked about dams and how they're a rude interrupter with you know habitats and that type of thing and we just had a great discussion about dams and you know this one was replaced with a fish ladder which allowed the herring to go fishing.
So I had them there and so I did my count and then we talked about dams and you know this one was replaced with a fish ladder which allowed the herring to go fishing.
And the eels and whatever snuck in there as well. So we had a great time. And the next day I get a phone call from the boy's mother and she said you wouldn't believe it. The boys, well all the sixth graders had their MCAS and the open response question was name and describe a man made structure that was made of wood.